well howdy there Internet people it's
boullion first I want to thank everybody
for their concern and well wishes I'm
not incredibly worried about it my
opinion on this issue has not really
changed taking a few new precautions but
I'm not going to be altering my daily
routine in any major manner tomorrow I
will be in an incredibly crowded place
full of travelers it is what it is we
cannot let fear run our lives to my
fellow Floridians yeah the response from
our state leadership has been less than
ideal information is not flowing as it
should that lack of information is
creating fear yeah by the time they tell
us it's at one place it's really in five
others we got it we got it
however what is more disappointing to me
is the behavior of some of my fellow
Floridians I was out and about today and
it was panic remember where you choose
to live we all live in a state where the
heat the snakes the insects the Gators
the rats bats cats and other
miscellaneous animals that tides and the
Hurricanes can kill us because of that
we approach things with a rather dark
humor
we also approach things as a community
especially when there is a lack of state
leadership this is not to make light of
the situation but it's the situation
we're at and we need to deal with this
just like we do anything else inform
yourself take a good hard of non panic
fueled look at those numbers follow the
guidance take the precautions for those
people who are at risk yeah you're gonna
need to take more than everybody else
but we're community so if you have
friends or family who are older who are
compromised why don't you treat it like
it's after a hurricane do their shopping
for them run some errands for them so
they can stay home so they can limit
their exposure if we are not going to
get leadership from the government we
have to lead ourselves panic is not
going to help and the panic buying I'm
saying doesn't even make sense
it's not a hurricane guys what's up with
the gas where are you gonna go look we
have hurricane parties that's how we are
down here we do not panic we do not act
like this it is unacceptable
pull your stuff together you're a
Floridian and again I'm not making light
of this but if it does come to the
q''-word we're not having those in this
state we're having steak Haitians
and it is what it is stay calm
use the same humor in sense of community
it gets us through everything else that
gets thrown at us
we got calm down anyway it's just a
fault y'all have a good night